---
title: Holistic Education at JWPS
permalink: /about-jwps/jwps-learning-experience/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>The school recognises that it is important for our students to be equipped with the necessary knowledge, skills and dispositions to navigate the complexities of today’s fast-changing world through educating and enriching them holistically. We aim to develop in our students an intrinsic motivation to learn and acquire the 21st Century Competencies and values to thrive in the future.</p><p>To achieve this, the school provides our students with a holistic education through a whole suite of programmes that support their cognitive development (Cognitive Development Package), the acquisition of the 21CC (Life Skills Package) and leadership development (Leadership Development Package). The aims of these programmes are aligned to the school’s vision of nurturing every JWPS student into becoming an engaged Learner, a reflective THInker and a selfless Leader.</p><h3>P5, P6 Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Programme</h3><p>In line with the nation’s efforts to equip students with digital literacy skills, the school has embarked on our BYOD programme to enhance teaching and learning through e-pedagogy and personalising students’ learning experiences. Since 2019, it has progressively rolled out the use of personal learning devices to selected Primary 5 and 6 classes. The students involved in this programme use their own personal ‘web-enabled’ devices during their English, Mathematics and Science lessons.</p><p>The BYOD programme provides students with opportunities to learn at their own pace and to be empowered to take charge of their learning, hence promoting self-directed learning (SDL).</p><h3>P3 Project INNO &amp; P5 Young Environmental Enthusiasts (YEE)</h3><p>The P3 Project INNO in the English, Math, Science and Mother Tongue curricula focus on inquiry-based learning projects. These projects are based on real-life applications of key curricular concepts and create vibrant and enriching learning experiences with problem-solving opportunities. It aims for the students to take greater ownership of their own learning and for them to become more engaged and creative in exploring new knowledge.</p><p>The P5 YEE learning platform is intended for the P5 students to deepen their learning, discover new information and become independent learners. Students are engaged in different activities during their English, Math, Science and Mother Tongue lessons to explore issues and perspectives related to environmental awareness. During their learning experiences, students get the opportunities to synthesise knowledge from various areas of learning and apply it to real-life situations.</p><p>As the students collaborate with their peers, reflect upon their learning and communicate their ideas effectively, they exercise sound reasoning, decision-making and metacognition. Students also take ownership of their own learning as they are tasked to monitor their own learning and look for new information to help them understand lessons better.</p><h3>Applied Learning Programme (ALP) - Green Living@JWPS</h3><p>The new ALP at JWPS focuses on environmental sustainability through character development.  Anchoring on the school’s vision, mission and values, ‘Green Living @ JWPS’ aims to develop character and inculcate values of respect and care for the environment as well as the needy.  We aim to develop a community of THinKERs, concerned citizens and confident learners who participate actively in activities that lead to the resolution of environmental challenges, make informed decisions and lead by example to be stewards of the environment.  Through meaningful, authentic, and engaging experiences, students will develop 21st Century Competencies that will help them thrive in this diverse, global and complex world.</p><h4>4 Key Areas – 4Cs </h4><p>Green Living @ JWPS is interdisciplinary in nature, involving 4 key areas and focuses on getting students to apply their learning across subjects. The use of real-world scenarios and problems encourages them to transfer knowledge and skills acquired.</p><p><strong>Curriculum </strong>– Teaching and learning of sustainability is embedded and enhanced within various subjects such as English Language, Mathematics, Science, Mother Tongue Language, Art and CCE. </p><p><strong>Culture </strong>– Strengthening of eco-culture towards sustainability.  The right habits will be instilled in our students to encourage them to champion a sustainability mindset.  </p><p><strong>Community </strong>– Opportunities for students to venture and collaborate beyond school.  Strengthening of home-school partnership. </p><p><strong>Campus </strong>– Transforming the school into learning laboratories for our students to see sustainability in action.  </p><h4>3A Approach (Awareness, Action, and Attitude) </h4><p>The school adopts a <strong>3A</strong> approach in driving the ALP to instil a broader mindset change and environmentally conscious habits. </p><p>In the <strong>Awareness </strong>phase, students will be equipped with knowledge to deepen their understanding of environmental issues and the need to love and protect the environment. </p><p>In the <strong>Action </strong>phase, students internalize the learning through participating in school-curated hands-on tasks to help them apply the knowledge they have acquired. </p><p>With the right <strong>Attitude </strong>instilled, students are empowered to take on greater responsibility and accountability in improving environmental sustainability. </p><p></p><h3>P1 to P6 LLP- Experiential Learning of Lifeskills for Personal Excellence</h3><p>The LLP aims to build self-confidence in students through their interaction with nature, build leadership skills, create optimism through the recognition of their strengths and weaknesses, and build resilience through resolving challenges in a responsible manner.</p><p>This programme has evolved from a modular activity-based lesson to the spiral curriculum from Primary 1 to Primary 6.</p><p>The objectives are realised through lessons which heighten the students’ <strong>A</strong>wareness of the outdoor via mastery of lessons, deliberate <strong>A</strong>ction via application of skills and concepts taught and the engendering of desired <strong>A</strong>ttitude via purposeful reflection and value-reinforcement. The programme encompasses the main curriculum, Co-Curriculum, CCA and Sports Module. The main curriculum consists of the PAL Outdoor Education, PAL Sports Module and P3 Swimming Programme while the Co-Curriculum comprises &nbsp;the Upper Primary Sports Carnival, Lower Primary Games Day and outdoor education modules such as Water Adventure (P6), Adventure Camp (P5), Forest Adventure (P4) and Day Camp (P3).</p>