---
title: School Rules and Regulations
permalink: /about-us/school-rules-and-regulations/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Sing the National Anthem and take the Pledge by all Singapore Citizens. Place right fist over the heart when taking the Pledge.</p></li><li><p>Wear the prescribed school uniform in school and during all school activities. Modification to the school uniform is not allowed.</p></li><li><p>Be neat in appearance. For girls, hair is to be kept neat and tidy. For boys, hair should be short, neat and well-combed. Moustache, beard and long sideburns are not permitted.</p></li><li><p>All students are not allowed to have in their possession any weapon. They are also not allowed to bring any weapon-like item which is used or intended to be used to cause harm to others.</p></li><li><p>Obey and respect teachers, support staff, parent volunteers, class leaders, prefects and the elders.</p></li><li><p>Be well-behaved and courteous within and outside the school premises.</p></li><li><p>Do not leave the school compound during curriculum time and before remedial/ supplementary lessons.</p></li><li><p>Take good care of the school, its properties and the cleanliness.</p></li><li><p>Walk quietly and in an orderly manner within the school premises.</p></li><li><p>Do not bring expensive items (mobile phones, electronic equipment, toys) to school.</p></li><li><p>Practise the 3R’s (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) conscientiously to reduce wastage and conserve resources.</p></li></ol><h3>Attire and Appearance</h3><ol><li><p>All students are expected to have their name tags ironed on/sewn on the school T-shirt. Name tags are available for sale from the school uniform supplier and bookshop.</p></li><li><p>All students coming to school for CCA or any time outside curriculum time must be in school attire.</p></li><li><p><strong>Footwear:</strong>&nbsp;Students are to wear white-based canvas shoes and white socks together with the school uniform during school activities. Branded shoes should not be worn. At no time should students be in slippers or sandals without valid reason.</p></li><li><p><strong>Hair:</strong>&nbsp;Hair should be kept neat, tidy and simply styled. Hair touching the collar must be either tied up or cut. No dyeing, tinting or highlighting of hair is allowed. Students are not to gel their hair into any untidy/ fanciful styles. Students with unacceptable, modified, punk or distracting hairstyles will have to revert to acceptable hairstyles.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Hair fringes over the forehead should not touch the eyebrows.</p></li><li><p>Only black and dark blue hair accessories are permitted.</p></li><li><p>Boys' hair must be kept simple, short and should not touch their eyebrows, ears and the collar of the school T-shirt.</p></li><li><p>Boys are not allowed to keep facial hair and boys with facial hair will be required to be clean-shaven.</p></li><li><p>Girls with shoulder-length hair must neatly plait or tie their hair up.</p></li><li><p>Girls are not to sport any fanciful hairstyles, including hair extensions</p></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Fingernails:</strong>&nbsp;Fingernails should be kept short and clean for hygiene and safety purposes. Nails should not be coloured.</p></li><li><p><strong>Jewellery/Ornaments/Hair accessories:</strong>&nbsp;Jewellery, ornaments and accessories are not permitted to be worn. Only one pair of small and simple ear-studs may be worn for girls. Only black and dark blue hair accessories are permitted. Boys are not allowed to wear any jewellery, ornaments or accessories.</p></li><li><p><strong>Electronic Equipment:</strong>&nbsp;Students are discouraged from bringing mobile phones to school. They should not bring electronic equipment that are not required for educational purposes.</p></li></ol><p>Teachers will conduct periodic checks on students’ attire and grooming and their parents will be informed if there are any infringements.</p><h3>School Attire</h3><p>Students are to wear the prescribed school uniform in school and during school activities. Modification to the school uniform is not allowed.</p><ul><li><p>Name tag is to be ironed on/sewn above school badge.</p></li><li><p>T-shirt is to be neatly tucked in.</p></li><li><p>White-based canvas shoes and white socks.</p></li><li><p>Girls' skort/culotte must not be more than 10cm above the knee.</p></li></ul><h3>In Partnership with Parents</h3><p>To arrange for an appointment with teachers, write a short note in the student handbook to inform the teacher of your concerns. The school sees our parents as partners in developing the potential in each of our students by:</p><ul><li><p>inculcating desirable social attitudes and values in our students;</p></li><li><p>ensuring our students do not bring excessive pocket money to school;</p></li><li><p>advising our students not to carry expensive items for their safety;</p></li><li><p>discouraging students from bringing mobile phones to school as there is a public coin telephone available at the school canteen for students to use;</p></li><li><p>refraining students from carrying sharp objects such as pen knives, metal rulers or any other objects with the potential of causing hurt or injury (such objects, if brought to school, will be confiscated);</p></li><li><p>ensuring our students’ school/CCA attendance is regular;</p></li><li><p>working with the student to hand in work on time;</p></li><li><p>discouraging students from bringing items which distract them from learning; and</p></li><li><p>reinforcing safety.</p></li></ul><p>Note: All students are expected to report to school on time. Late-comers are to have valid reasons and/or supported by letters from parents. Students are to bring a medical certificate or a letter from home to explain an absence from school.</p><h3>Security in School</h3><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All visitors are to enter the school using Gate 1 only. At Gate 1, visitors will be required to register for a pass using their NRIC or other identification documents with the security guard.</p></li><li><p>Upon collection of pass, visitors will need to proceed to General Office for assistance.</p></li><li><p>No parents, relatives or any members of the public will be allowed to remain in the school grounds during school hours.</p></li><li><p>No parents/relatives or any members of the public are allowed to purchase food from the school canteen or to make use of the school facilities.</p></li><li><p>To minimise disruption during lessons, parents are not allowed to enter the teaching blocks during school hours.</p></li><li><p>If parents/guardians are fetching their children/wards back during school hours, they are to sign on the “Permission to take child home” form at the General Office before leaving the school.</p></li><li><p>Students who have remedial/outreach/CCA or any other activities outside their normal school hours are to have their meals in the school canteen. They are not allowed to leave school during the lunch break.</p></li><li><p>Students taking school buses must adhere to the instructions and rules given by the school bus vendor.</p></li></ul><h3>Responsibilities of Students</h3><p>All students are expected to:</p><ol><li><p>Exercise personal responsibility for the safety of themselves and their fellow students;</p></li><li><p>Observe all the safety rules of the school and in particular the instructions of teachers in the event of an emergency;</p></li><li><p>Not to misuse things provided for safety purposes;</p></li><li><p>Adhere to JWPS WALK Rules when they move from point to point.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>W</strong>alk quietly</p></li><li><p><strong>A</strong>dhere to pit-stops</p></li><li><p><strong>L</strong>ook straight</p></li><li><p><strong>K</strong>eep left</p></li></ul></li></ol><h3>Temperature-taking Exercise</h3><p>Students must bring an Oral Digital Thermometer (ODT) in working condition when there is a temperature-taking exercise. A one-time complimentary ODT will be given to our P1 students. They will be taught how to use the ODT by their form teachers.</p><h3>Haze Management</h3><p>We have set in place the necessary precautions and continuity plans to minimise disruptions to school activities. We will monitor students’ well-being and adopt the necessary mitigation measures to ensure their welfare, including stopping all outdoor activities, based on daily MOH Health Advisory. We request parents to inform us if your child has existing heart and lung conditions, such as asthma. Parents should also ensure that your child takes his/her medications and has these medications with him/ her according to his/her doctor’s instructions.</p><h3>Infectious Diseases</h3><p>If your child is down with chicken pox, H1N1 or Hand-Foot-Mouth disease, please take your doctor’s advice and let your child rest at home. As these diseases are highly infectious, please do not bring your child to school unless he/she has fully recovered.</p><h3>Students' Medical Conditions</h3><p>School will distribute a form for parents to update the medical conditions of their child each year.</p><h3>Insurance Coverage for Students</h3><p>As part of our dedication to student welfare, we have taken a basic insurance policy to cover all students in the event of any injury sustained during school activities. Payouts of insurance are subjected to policy terms and conditions.</p><h3>Road Safety Rules</h3><p><strong>Walking</strong></p><ul><li><p>Walk on footpaths, pedestrian crossings and overhead bridges.</p></li><li><p>Obey the Pedestrian Crossing Rules and the Laws of Singapore.</p></li><li><p>Cross the roads at traffic junctions.</p></li><li><p>Obey the teachers, parent volunteers, security guards and traffic police officers at all times.</p></li><li><p>Wear light coloured clothing at night.</p></li><li><p>Avoid dangerous corners, road bends and intersections.</p></li><li><p>Stop on the road kerb to practise the road kerb drill: “Look right, look left and look right again.” to confirm that the road is clear.</p></li><li><p>Do not walk in front of and behind packed vehicles.</p></li><li><p>Do not climb over road dividers.</p></li><li><p>Do not rush across the road when the green man at traffic controls is flashing.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Cycling</strong></p><ul><li><p>Ensure that your bicycle is always in a good condition.</p></li><li><p>Ride the bicycle in a single file.</p></li><li><p>Hold the handle bar at all times.</p></li><li><p>Use correct hand signals to indicate your intention to other traffic.</p></li><li><p>Dismount from your bicycle when using the pedestrian crossing.</p></li><li><p>Cycling hand signals:</p></li><li><p>Left Turn Signal – Extend left arm straight out in the direction of the turn, parallel to the road.</p></li><li><p>Right Turn Signal – Extend right arm straight out in the direction of the turn, parallel to the road.</p></li><li><p>Stopping / Braking Signal – Extend your right arm directly out to the right parallel to the road with palm facing down and slowly wave the extended arm up and down.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Travelling by Bus</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Keep off bus bay at all times.</p></li><li><p>Flag the bus in advance.</p></li><li><p>Queue for the bus in an orderly manner.</p></li><li><p>Board and alight from the bus in an orderly manner.</p></li><li><p>Do not play in the bus.</p></li><li><p>Do not stand or play on the steps of the bus.</p></li><li><p>Do not lean out of the windows.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Travelling by Car or School Bus</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Put on your best behaviour at all times.</p></li><li><p>Put on the seat belts at all times.</p></li><li><p>Do not lean out of the windows.</p></li><li><p>Do not speak loudly or play in the car or bus.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Traffic Signs</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Adhere to traffic signs at all times.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Important Note:</strong></p><p>Students must observe any new rules, policies, practices and/or regulations as stipulated by the school administration and the Character &amp; Citizenship Education (CCE) Department in the course of the academic year</p>