---
title: English Department
permalink: /ELDept/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Head of Department</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Hamidah Binti Osman</p></td></tr></tbody></table><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lead Teacher</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Kong Kum Cheong</p></td></tr></tbody></table><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Senior Teacher</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Beena D/O Prabhakaran</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Margaret Lim</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><br>The English Department aims to facilitate the acquisition of English proficiency in students by providing them with opportunities to integrate listening, speaking, reading, viewing and writing into the language learning process. <br></p><p>To achieve our goals, the school’s EL curriculum is developed from MOE’s English Syllabus 2020 and closely aligned to the STELLAR (Strategies for English Language Learning and Reading) programme. In addition to that, the school-based curriculum caters to the learning needs of our student profile. <br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>To provide challenging and stimulating assignments and projects beyond the curriculum to enrich the learning experience of the English Language</p></li><li><p>To infuse critical and creative thinking strategies through literature and oracy programme</p></li><li><p>To identify and develop pupils’ talent in speaking &amp; writing</p></li></ul><p><br></p><p><strong>School-based curriculum</strong></p><p>The school-based curriculum allows the teachers to meet the learning needs of the pupils of the level by providing explicit teaching and targeted practice in those areas.<br></p><p>Students are immersed in language learning and are exposed to a variety of genres that are engaging and age-appropriate. The use of different strategies and pedagogies with explicit instruction, as well as enriching language experiences, allow our students to appreciate the language within and beyond the classrooms.<br></p><p>As students progress across the levels, they learn to make the transition from learning to read to reading to learn. They are eased into reading silently as well as reading longer texts without visual support. Teachers continue to provide students with guidance in the processes of planning, writing and reviewing before they apply these skills in writing independently.<br></p><p>Students are also given differentiated support at various points of instruction to optimise their learning. Teachers carry out Differentiated Instruction by designing appropriate activities to support, reinforce and extend their learning. They also harness e-Pedagogy design learning experiences that enhance student engagement, subject mastery and help students acquire and strengthen their 21st Century Competencies.</p><p><br>For more information about English programmes and activities in JWPS:</p><p><a href="/ELprogram" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">English programmes and activities</a></p>