---
title: About Us
permalink: /our-partnership/alumni-association/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Alumni Association
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>ABOUT US</h3><p></p><p></p><p>The Jurong West Primary School Alumni Association (JWPSAA) was formed on 3rd August 2018 in conjunction with the school’s 20th Anniversary celebrations. It serves as a platform for our ex-students to stay connected with each other and contribute back to our alma mater. <strong><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>Join us</u></a><a href="#_msocom_1" class="msocomanchor" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>[SHY1]</u></a><u>&nbsp;</u></strong> and be part of our JWPSAA family today!</p><hr><p>&nbsp;<a href="#_msoanchor_1" class="msocomoff" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">[SHY1]</a>Link to “Membership” page.</p><p><a href="https://goo.gl/forms/A4423pqTTSMALgKz2" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application to join JWPS Alumni</a></p><h5>Objectives:</h5><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>To provide opportunities for the gathering of the former students of Jurong West Primary School</p></li><li><p>To maintain close cooperation and strengthen the relationship of all alumni and students of Jurong West Primary School.</p></li><li><p>To provide Association members with opportunities for career development and industry networking.</p></li><li><p>To foster the spirit of service to the school.</p></li></ol><h2>Primary 1 Phase 2A(1) Registration</h2><p>To be eligible for the Primary 1 Phase 2A(1) registration, you will need to be a full member of the alumni association at least one year before the 30th of June of the year when your child needs to be registered. This is in accordance to MOE guidelines.</p><p>Example:</p><p>If your child needs to be registered in 2020 (to begin school in 2021), you will need to be a full member of the association before 30th June 2019.</p><p>For more information, visit: <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/primary/p1-registration/registration-phases-key-dates?pt=2A" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">P1 registration phase 2A</a></p>